Ah, the power to say less is completely gone
Not even the Qixi Festival
Could it be that Qin Yu
Really Shushan Sword Emperor
It must be the power of the Shushan Sword, the treasure of Shushan
I am the chief living room of Tiezong
If you dare to touch my Xizong, you will definitely destroy the whole family of Sword Sect
This is the treasure of Shushan Shushan Sword
The sword of Shushan Sword Soul
No wonder legend has it that the one who drew this sword
You can unify the two legs of Shushan Sword Qi
Master Wu, you are making trouble in Shu Mountain
Take advantage of the chaos
Shushan Zhibao Shushan Sword
Now I still look at the sword and Xu Shu's strange shape
Trust me.
Believe in your tenderness
Miss Han
As a thief with a foreign surname picked up by Shushan people
indulge in murder
Like me, the treasure of Shushan Mountain
Deceive me that there is no one in Shushan
It's a terrible thing.
And take the ancestor of Shushan to see the emperor and minister
Just starting to die
Everyone gets help
You can always